release-0.31.1 to fix one file assumption (#2021)
semgrep/semgrep: CHANGELOG.md

## Next

## [0.31.1](https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep/releases/tag/v0.31.1) - 2020-11-11

### Fixed

> - Assumption that only a single configuration was being returned by resolve_config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Regression in 0.31.0 where only a single file was being used when `--config`
  was given a directory with many rules (#2019).```

Reviewer: Making it more user facing than internal?
